Update contact section in Readme - add Discord server, remove forum and IRC channels (#1328)
colobot/colobot: README.md

## Contact

> If you want to help in the project, please contact us on our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/TRCJRc).

Reviewer: This invite link will expire in a few hours; always use the one from our website.
```suggestion
If you want to help in the project, please contact us on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/56Fm9kb).
```
